a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife
Only think what an establishment it would be for one of them
But you are always giving her the preference
The girls stared at their father
Mary wished to say something sensible, but knew not how
He was the proudest, most disagreeable man in the world,
At such an assembly as this it would be insupportable
we have had a most delightful evening, a most excellent ball
their behaviour at the assembly had not been calculated to please in genera
Bingley was sure of being liked wherever he appeared, Darcy was continually giving offense
he had made a tolerable fortune, and risen to the honour of knighthood by an address to the king during his mayoralty
A person may be proud without being vain
Her resistance had not injured her with the gentleman, and he was thinking of her with some complacency, when thus accosted by Miss Bingley
She has known him only a fortnight
if a smart young colonel, with five or six thousand a year, should want one of my girls I shall not say nay to him
Come as soon as you can on receipt of this
Elizabeth thanked him from her heart, and then walked towards the table where a few books were lying
Do you prefer reading to cards
Miss Bennet will receive every possible attention while she remains with us
For my part, Mr. Bingley, I always keep servants that can do their own work
I dare say you believed it; but I am by no means convinced that you would be gone with such celerity
Mr. Darcy smiled; but Elizabeth thought she could perceive that he was rather offended, and therefore checked her laugh
They could describe an entertainment with accuracy, relate an anecdote with humour, and laugh at their acquaintance with spirit
How pleasant it is to spend an evening in this way
That is an uncommon advantage, and uncommon I hope it will continue, for it would be a great loss to me to have many such acquaintances
Implacable resentment is a shade in a character
The communication excited many professions of concern
I have been so fortunate as to be distinguished by the patronage of the Right Honourable Lady Catherine de Bourgh, widow of Sir Lewis de Bourgh, whose bounty and beneficence has preferred me to the valuable rectory of this parish
She is unfortunately of a sickly constitution, which has prevented her from making that progress in many accomplishments which she could not have otherwise failed of, as I am informed by the lady who superintended her education, and who still resides with them
stupid, disagreeable fellows
Her curiosity, however, was unexpectedly relieved
He was my godfather, and excessively attached to m
Laugh as much as you choose, but you will not laugh me out of my opinion
I hear such different accounts of you as puzzle me exceedingly
May I hope, madam, for your interest with your fair daughter Elizabeth, when I solicit for the honour of a private audience with her in the course of this morning
Do not consider me now as an elegant female, intending to plague you, but as a rational creature, speaking the truth from her heart
She was met in the vestibule by Lydia, who, flying to her, cried in a half whisper
He was always to have gone on Saturday, and to Saturday he meant to stay
She then read the first sentence aloud, which comprised the information of their having just resolved to follow their brother to town directly
But Elizabeth had now recollected herself, and making a strong effort for it, was able to assure with tolerable firmness that the prospect of their relationship was highly grateful to her, and that she wished her all imaginable happiness
The united efforts of his two unfeeling sisters and of his overpowering friend, assisted by the attractions of Miss Darcy and the amusements of London might be too much, she feared, for the strength of his attachment
 Your sweetness and disinterestedness are really angelic
Mr. Gardiner was a sensible, gentlemanlike man, greatly superior to his sister, as well by nature as education
About ten or a dozen years ago, before her marriage, she had spent a considerable time in that very part of Derbyshire to which he belonged
He was well, but so much engaged with Mr. Darcy that they scarcely ever saw him
The journey would moreover give her a peep at Jane; and, in short, as the time drew near, she would have been very sorry for any delay
What are young men to rocks and mountains
She is all affability and condescension, and I doubt not but you will be honoured with some portion of her notice when service is over
As the weather was fine, they had a pleasant walk of about half a mile across the park
I always say that nothing is to be done in education without steady and regular instruction, and nobody but a governess can give it
Elizabeth soon perceived, that though this great lady was not in commission of the peace of the county, she was a most active magistrate in her own parish
Elizabeth looked at Darcy to see how cordially he assented to his cousin’s praise
The invitation was accepted of course, and at a proper hour they joined the party in Lady Catherine’s drawing-room.
Elizabeth made no answer.
A short dialogue on the subject of the country ensued, on either side calm and concise
There, shut into her own room, as soon as their visitor left them, she could think without interruption of all that she had heard.
all loveliness and goodness as she is!
He spoke well
Elizabeth disdained the appearance of noticing this civil reflection, but its meaning did not escape, nor was it likely to conciliate her.
He had before believed her to return his affection with sincere, if not with equal regard.
My father supported him at school
It was all pride and insolence. 
How differently did everything now appear in which he was concerned!
she might have forgotten where she was.
When to these recollections was added the development of Wickham’s character, it may be easily believed that the happy spirits which had seldom been depressed before, were now so much affected as to make it almost impossible for her to appear tolerably cheerful. 
 You see on what a footing we are.
 At length the chaise arrived, the trunks were fastened on, the parcels placed within, and it was pronounced to be ready.
I was ready to die of laughter.
his answers were at the same time so vague and equivocal, that her mother, though often disheartened, had never yet despaired of succeeding at last.     
Nor was Darcy’s vindication, though grateful to her feelings, capable of consoling her for such discovery.
Your profusion makes me saving.
She had even learnt to detect, in the very gentleness which had first delighted her, an affectation and a sameness to disgust and weary. In his present behaviour to herself, moreover, she had a fresh source of displeasure, for the inclination he soon testified of renewing those intentions which had marked the early part of their acquaintance could only serve, after what had since passed, to provoke her. 
He looked surprised, displeased, alarmed.
It was consequently necessary to name some other period for the commencement of actual felicity.
After the first fortnight or three weeks of her absence, health, good humour, and cheerfulness began to reappear at Longbourn. 
His father was an excellent man
He is certainly a good brother
She retreated from the window, fearful of being seen
she was most sure of success
This observation would not have prevented her from trying to talk to the latter, had they not been seated at an inconvenient distance; but she was not sorry to be spared the necessity of saying much.
Elizabeth’s collected behaviour
they must have passed within ten miles of us.
My poor mother is really ill
I know not what to say.
 I am sure there was some great neglect or other on their side, for she is not the kind of girl to do such a thing if she had been well looked after.
This is wholly unexpected.
The present unhappy state of the family rendered any other excuse for the lowness of her spirits unnecessary
You will easily comprehend
By this time she is actually with them!
She was busily searching through the neighbourhood for a proper situation for her daughter, and, without knowing or considering what their income might be, rejected many as deficient in size and importance. 
He promises fairly.
The bride and her mother could neither of them talk fast enough
These parties were acceptable to all
I have just received your letter
Everything being settled between  them
She sat intently at work
There he had talked to her friends, when he could not to herself.
 As soon as they were gone
She was not near enough to hear any of their discourse, but she could see how seldom they spoke to each other, and how formal and cold was their manner whenever they did.
Elizabeth was forced to go.
Elizabeth’s congratulations were given with a sincerity, a warmth, a delight, which words could but poorly express. 
I suppose she had nothing particular to say to you
Whatever my connections may be
You look conscious.
 I should very strenuously have opposed it. 
They walked on, without knowing in what direction.
I cannot be so easily reconciled to myself.
All was acknowledged, and half the night spent in conversation.
You must and shall be married by a special licence.
You need not distress yourself.
You supposed more than really existed.
